Civic:
The first generation Civic was introduced in July 1972 as a two-door coupe model,followed by a three-door hatchback that September. With a 1169 cc transverse engine and front-wheel drive like the British Mini, the car provided good interior space despite overall small dimensions
Corolla:
The state-of-the-art Corolla Altis X Dual VVT-i engine with Acoustic Control Induction System (ACIS) is designed to maximize performance, power, durability and user experience. The engine in Altis X Grande provides you an exhilarating 138 HP and 173 Nm of torque.
Sportage:
The Kia Sportage is a compact SUV (classified as a compact crossover SUV since 2004) manufactured by the South Korean manufacturer Kia since 1993. The Sportage slots between the Seltos or Niro and the three-row Sorento in Kia's SUV lineup.
Picanto:
Say hello to the new Picanto. Sporty and stylish, it also delivers on the other essentials: advanced features, eco-friendly technology, and of course, the now legendary Picanto individuality. Kia picanto safetyThe trendy, safe, and luxury hatchback for your everyday commute.
yaris:
Up to 2019, Toyota had used the Yaris nameplate on export versions of various Japanese-market models, with some markets receiving the same vehicles under the Toyota Echo name through 2005. Starting in 2020, the Yaris nameplate began to be used in Japan, which replaced the Vitz nameplate.
city:
The City was originally a 3-door hatchback/2-door convertible for the Japanese, European and Australasian markets. The 3-door City was retired in 1994 after the second-generation and replaced by the Logo. The nameplate was revived in 1996 for use on a series of subcompact four-door sedans aimed primarily at developing markets
prius:
he Prius first went on sale in Japan in 1997, and was available at all four Toyota Japan dealership chains, making it the first mass-produced hybrid vehicle.It was subsequently introduced worldwide in 2000. Toyota sells the Prius in over 90 markets, with Japan and the United States being its largest markets
crv"
Currently, CR-V is in its 5th generation. Launched in 2016, the fifth generation contributed to sales figures massively. Especially in the US, CR-V’s fifth generation remains as the most popular generation to be sold on the CR-V platform. 
swift:
The Suzuki Swift began in 1983 as a marketing and manufacturing rebadge of the Suzuki Cultus, a supermini (or subcompact) manufactured and marketed worldwide across three generations and four body configurations—three-door hatchback, four-door sedan, five-door hatchback and two-door convertible—and using the Suzuki G
wagno r:
Suzuki Wagon R 2022 is a front-engine front-wheel drive hatchback assembled locally in Pakistan by Pak Suzuki Motors. It is also known as Pak Suzuki Wagon R due to its different variants available in India and Indonesia.
brv:
The Honda BR-V is a subcompact crossover SUV which has been manufactured by Honda since 2016. Developed by Honda R&D Asia Pacific mainly for emerging markets,the first-generation model shares its platform with the second-generation Mobilio, which itself based on the lengthened Brio platform
sorrento:
The first-generation Kia Sorento was launched in February 2002 as a body-on-frame SUV. The car came in two trims - the base trim was the LX while the high-grade trim was EX with two transmission options - 5-speed manual and 5-speed automatic.
